Implement Citus support for pg_auto_failover (#933)
citusdata/pg_auto_failover: docs/citus.rst

.. _citus:

Citus Support
=============

The usual ``pg_autoctl`` commands work both with Postgres standalone nodes
and with Citus nodes.

.. figure:: ./tikz/arch-citus.svg
   :alt: pg_auto_failover architecture with a Citus formation

   pg_auto_failover architecture with a Citus formation

> When using pg_auto_failover with Citus, a pg_auto_failover *formation* is

Reviewer: Maybe cluster instead of formation?

```suggestion
When using pg_auto_failover with Citus, a pg_auto_failover *cluster* is
```

Author: Well, we use `--formation`, document the term in our glossary, and also have `pg_autoctl create formation`, so I guess that's already set... am I missing something here?

shards, then have a look at the Citus API citus_set_node_property_ to set
the ``shouldhaveshards`` property to ``true``.

.. _citus_set_node_property:
  http://docs.citusdata.com/en/v10.0/develop/api_udf.html#citus-set-node-property

See :ref:`pg_autoctl_activate` for details.

Citus worker failover
---------------------

When a failover is orchestrated by pg_auto_failover for a Citus worker node,
Citus offers the opportunity to make the failover close to transparent to
the application. Because the application connects to the coordinator, which
in turn connects to the worker nodes, then it is possible with Citus to
_pause_ the SQL write traffic on the coordinator for the shards hosted on a
failed worker node. The Postgres failover then happens while the traffic is
kept on the coordinator, and resumes as soon as a secondary worker node is
ready to accept read-write queries.

This is implemented thanks to Citus smart locking strategy in its
``citus_update_node`` API, and pg_auto_failover takes full benefit with a
special built set of FSM transitions for Citus workers.

.. _citus_secondaries:

Citus Secondaries and read-replica
----------------------------------

> Starting with pg_auto_failover 1.5, it is possible to setup Citus read-only
> replica. This Citus feature allows using a set of dedicated nodes (both

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to setup Citus read-only 
replicas. This Citus feature allows using a set of dedicated nodes (both
```
